all right so I know that some of you
guys are suffering from this thing
called superhero fatigue and maybe want
something a little bit different from
the norm right well there's this anime
Batman movie out there dealing with time
travel and ninjas that I think might be
right up your alley if you want
something a little weird
in fact this movie is technically two
movies and one since the Americans
didn't just dub the movie they kind of
like rewrote some stuff for the English
version so that's the what I'm gonna be
breaking down and that's the one I gave
a solid rented to if you're looking for
a very different type of superhero film
let me explain so pretty much we got
Batman fighting against Gorilla Grodd
the smartest primates and your boy
Caesar walked this earth and grad pretty
much like turns the whole world into
limbo buildings start turning into
tano's his donut ships and I don't know
where Batman just like disintegrates and
ends up on the set of Seven Samurai
homies trying to play Arkham Knight but
since he's an ancient Japan he's got
less signal than a Cricut phone but he
quickly realizes that Grodd was messing
with a time machine and now he's stuck
here and he's got to stop Lord Joker
from change in history here's the thing
with a Joker though this is like just
like that Riddler Joker
like I remember pied mom from Digimon
s's dude right here
don't run away I'm your biggest fan a
little bit later on that same day
Batman's chilling like a bat when he
finds Catwoman who's been here for two
years since you know time-travel just
messed up everything and time
displacement we learned that the penguin
is also here starting his own mafia Bane
is here as a sumo wrestler Deathstroke's
doing just that two-face is also doing
his name they're all trying to take over
and Bruce needs to infiltrate this place
and act like Liam Neeson's and silence
in order to blend in but dude looks like
the mascot for Little Caesars dude looks
like one of the Three Stooges
dude looks like he went into the shop
with a bowl of cereal and said you know
what to do luckily Alfred also got
teleported over here so he can stop
Bruce from all this buffoonery he also
got teleported with the Batmobile that
he's got all wax and oil and changed up
so when these jokers tried shooting them
with old-school cannons Batman's
straight up caitlyn jenner's them he's
about to pull up to Joker's castle like
Suge Knight when the Joker freaking
turns his castle into a Megazord
BAM and Zen like oh you want to smash my
car I I'll turn it into a plane oh you
want to smash my plane hide I'll turn it
into a bike oh you want to take my bike
I I'll turn it into Iron Man dude's got
a Swiss Army vehicle that turns into a
bunch of different things and still gets
his bat whoop so Nightwing and Red Robin
have to appear out of nowhere as ninja
Batman to scoop him up and fly back with
a bunch of bats you know like the way
the Eagle should have taken the hobbits
turns out mighty Joe Grodd pretty much
messed up everything because his
original plan was to pretty much primer
all of the villains to a different
timeline so then he can have Gotham all
for himself but obviously that's not
what happened so now he decides to work
with Batman in order to stop the Joker
Batman starts ninjutsu classes
Alfred prepares a diet and his whole
thing goes from being animated like one
of those telltale games which i think is
super dope cuz it's got that comic feel
to becoming one of the weirdest things
I've seen see at a certain point they
end up beating the Joker right and
things start getting weird because Red
Hood appears out of nowhere and he finds
the Joker and Harley who everyone thinks
is dead but they've like become farmers
after losing their memories and I guess
the animators did that too since the
animation changes I don't know I looks
cool but it's just random
either way the Joker and Harley Quinn
end up getting their memories backs and
stay planted plants I don't know how
they knew this but they planted plants
that would help them get their memory
back they get their Robo house back and
then we build up to the third act fight
where Batman says I am no longer the
Batman I will be the legendary ninja who
will bring peace to their land I will be
wait way no pronouncing my dude
turns out gorilla grodd is actually
backstabbing everyone obviously he's
been mind controlling all the villain
senses plan is to rewrite history from
this point in time and creates a Planet
of the Apes it doesn't happen Batman
does what we all came here to see right
why we pay our money for this rent and
that's to fight the Joker and I kid you
not
all of those flying bats come together
and straight up turn into a bat guard
who then proceeds to yell at Joker's
castle
and it's some deep stuff if there is one
part that I loved about the movie cuz
Louie does get a little weird I'm sure
it's not gonna be everyone's cup of tea
that's fine but that final fight is an
11 out of 10 they got on fighting in the
smoke they got him head-butting each
other they got him slicing each other
like it's a second-rate movie and then
there's this move that the Joker pulls
on Batman Batman's got the real psycho
since he becomes one with the bats and
becomes the ninja Batman he whoops the
Joker with his own move resets time
gives out for the raise and reminds us
that if you ever ever have superhero
fatigue ever again leave it to foreign
films to spice things up thank you guys
for checking out this video as always
let me know your thoughts down below in
the comments section like I said this is
a very different type of superhero movie
animated superhero movie so if you want
to go check that out if infinity war
wasn't for you or if you're still you
know crying over infinity war go check
out this movie super weird
I believe you can rent it out in almost
any platform because I saw it off Amazon
so it should be good well then let me
know your thoughts down below in the
comments section don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and I'll send you a
coupon code to Batman's barber